Change Bitcoin identity to a Public Key (#136)
comit-network/RFCs: RFC-005-SWAP-Basic-Bitcoin.adoc

link:./RFC-003-SWAP-Basic.md[RFC003] requires ledgers have an *identity* type specified to negotiate a SWAP.

The Identity to be used on Bitcoin is the user's compressed SECP256k1 Public Key, or `pubkey`.
The compressed public key is used because it needs to be compatible with segwit transactions (see https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0143.mediawiki#Restrictions_on_public_key_type)[BIP143]).

> Using `pubkey` will allow migration to Bitcoin mini-scripts, which take public keys, and not pubkeyhashes, as input.

Reviewer: :wrench: Seems to be one word.

```suggestion
Using `pubkey` will allow migration to Bitcoin miniscripts, which take public keys, and not pubkeyhashes, as input.
```

Reviewer 2: Slightly updated your proposal :)

|secret_hash
|The hash of the `secret` (32 bytes for SHA-256)

> |redeem_pubkeyhash

Reviewer 2: I think we should stick here to `redeem_identity`. Even though the types are different to Ethereum, we still call it the same: 

https://github.com/comit-network/RFCs/blob/master/RFC-007-SWAP-Basic-Ether.md#contract

and 

https://github.com/comit-network/RFCs/blob/master/RFC-007-SWAP-Basic-Ether.md#parameters

```suggestion
| redeem_identity
```

Reviewer 2: Well.. if looking closely, in the Ethereum RFC we use both: `redeem_identity` and `redeem_address`... so don't mind me :D
